YALA (Yet Another LDAP Administrator)
-------------------------------------

WHAT IS YALA?
YALA is a web-based LDAP administration GUI. The idea is to simplify 
the directory administration with a graphical interface and neat 
features, though to stay a general-purpose directory manager.

The goal is to simplify the administration but not to make the YALA user
stupid: to achieve this, we try to show the user what YALA does behind the
scenes, what it sends to the server (unlike Micro$oft Active Directory, for
example).


FEATURES
- Clear and Simple interface.
- Cross-Platform: YALA can be accessed from any platform using any modern 
  browser, and the server-side should work on most OSes & Web Servers.
- Cute javascript to improve the web-interface, which can be set off if you
  would like.
- Theoretically works with any LDAP server, see REQUIREMENTS section for list
  of supported LDAP servers.
- Super mega advanced schema reader pro turbo: YALA Reads the schema from
  the LDAP server and gets lots of useful information off it.
- Entry Types recognition: You can configure YALA to recognize an entry of
  objectclasses X & Y, for example, as a user entry, have a special icon for 
  it, and allow simple creation of new entries of this type (i.e. add a new 
  user). 
- Security: Supports LDAP over TLS (Transport Layer Security) if your LDAP 
  server supports it.



REQUIREMENTS

Server Side:
- PHP >= 4.0.5 with LDAP support. If you compile php yourself, you should 
  enable LDAP support ("./configure --help | grep -i ldap"..)
  If getting the php as binary, make sure you have also ldap support.
  (On debian you need to apt-get php3-ldap/php4-ldap, for example)

  Note that you'll need LDAP libraries installed on your system in order to 
  make PHP support LDAP.


- Theoretically YALA should work on ANY platform under ANY web-server
  that supports PHP. It is known to work well on:
  Linux   + Apache
  Solaris + Apache
  (Mail me if you're using it with another combination)

- Any (either local or remote) standard LDAP Server. YALA is known to work 
  well with:
  OpenLDAP
  Microsoft Active Directory
  Oracle Internet Directory (OID)
  (Again, let me know if you have something to add here)
  

Client Side:
- The only requirement is a web browser with FRAMES & COOKIES support.
  Best works on modern web browsers with javascript support, though we use 
  standard HTML and javascript can be turned off, so YALA should be able to 
  work even on the 'links' browser.  (lynx does not support frames)

  PNG support is recommended. Any modern browser should support it.


INSTALLATION
See the 'INSTALL' file.


LICENSE
YALA is licensed under the GPL, see the 'COPYING' file.


CONTACT/AUTHOR
For any comment/suggestion/bugs/money, feel free to mail me to
oren at held.org.il
